now is forces have killed at least four
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank
that was on Friday Palestinians in betel
in the occupied West Bank have gathered
to protest in support of Gaza Israeli
forces shot at two Palestinians near an
Israeli military post Northeast of rala
a mother and her son were wounded since
Saturday at least 44 Palestinians have
been killed in the occupied West Bank
either by Israeli forces or in settler
attacks enita Ibrahim is in Bell and she
joins us live from there andita tell us
more about what's happened
well according to the Palestinian Health
Ministry the number of those
Palestinians who have been killed today
has risen to nine as we're seeing
protests like this one behind me in
different areas here in the occupied
West Bank this one we could say that
it's being somehow calming down we're
seeing the intensity ebing and flowing
but in other areas in the occupied West
Bank we are seeing the excessive use of
Force by Israeli soldiers against
Palestinians and if you ask them they
would tell you that the excessive use of
force against them is not something new
it's just that they've been getting
killed uh by Israeli forces since the
beginning of the year in one of or at
least this year has been deemed as the
deadliest in 20 years here in the
occupied West Bank and also in addition
to the violence that we've been seeing
by Israeli forces we've also noticed an
increase in force by armed Israeli
settlers that are in around the occupied
West Bank wrecking Havoc just yesterday
the settlers have attacked a funeral and
killed a a father and his son so you can
imagine the amount of tension that
Palestinians feel here that they feel
that they've been left alone dealing
with armed soldiers who have the most
Advanced Equipment who are using tear
gas using live fire using uh rubber
coated steel bullets as well while you
have on the other hand Palestinians who
only have rocks with their hands now in
general the Palestinian population is
unarmed but we have been seeing in the
past two years young men grouping with
one another in navis and in jine
carrying up arms and deciding to commit
attack against Israeli targets whether
that in the form of Israeli military
checkpoints or in the form of illegal
Israeli settlements now we've seen those
attacks and shootings increase but all
in all we talk about a population that
feels like it's been left dealing with
one of the strongest militaries in the
world and left doing so alone and as and
when and if I guess we should say this
Israeli offensive proceed into Gaza
tensions in the occupied West Bank will
well they'll only
increase well as you can see those
protests that we've been seeing here in
the West Bank are the largest that we've
seen since uh the beginning of the year
really because people are glued to their
news to their TVs and watching what's
happening in the besieged Gaza Strip as
you know they are geographically
separated but they are one nation one
people and they are suffering under this
same military occupation so you can
imagine how they're feeling when they
see their friends their relatives their
uh uh fellow Palestinians are being uh
killed in the besieged Gaza Strip
without warnings they're seeing now and
what we've been hearing from many
Palestinians here they say that they are
witnessing another ne ne is means
catastrophe and it's the word
Palestinians refer to when they talk
about their displacement in
1948 at the war that so they
establishment of the state of Israel
they're saying now that in Gaza they're
witnessing another neba while they feel
like they're helpless they can't do much
in front of those heavily armed Israeli
soldiers and they feel like the world is
leaving them alone dealing with all of
this trauma all of this pain while
paying attention at the Israeli side all
right n we'll leave it there for the
moment thanks very much indeed Nita
Ibrahim there in bit L thank you